leopards spend so much time high up in
the trees they get to look out over the
whole of the Maasai Mara without being
seen he can't see us mama but we can see
him these leaves are great to hide
behind especially when we climb high up
to the treetops
see we're totally hidden so many
branches to choose from hmm that's a bit
shaky I'll just go back this way
mama KZ keeps an eye on Joanne Packer at
the explore their new playground now
this is what I call a climbing frame
whoa Parker is amazed at how Hydra is
climbing all that practice has cetera
trade oh what a great day I love
climbing and this tree is just perfect I
can see why my mama spends so much time
here
yet on average you are doing I've got an
itch and I'm learning how to scratch
mama says I can use this tree and it
really works this is the greatest grudge
post ever my it is nearly gone there is
still so much to learn before these
little cats have big cats one day as
they grow up they will need to run and
jump and play and hide oh and climb of
course after all you will always find a
leopard at the tree isn't that right Joe
all that climbing has made you very
tired as he gets his rest it's time for
us to say goodbye
Kwaheri from the wide grassy plains of
Africa